We need to
stop trying to pay people to do nothing, which is
what we're doing, pay people to do nothing. And we
sometimes can't get enough people to work.
And I think we've got to release a...
some sort of mentality developed that the
government's supposed to take care of everybody
that doesn't want to work.
And I don't say that there aren't some people that
need it, and there are, but I think we've gone
overboard the other way.
I was at a meeting yesterday where we were
discussing CETA. They poured money down a rat
hole. And very little good has come out of
it. They tried to take all these things that they
targeted groups and put them all in one act.
Comprehensive Education Training
Act. It's a disaster.
They put people in training and pay them more while
they're in training than they can make after they
get through training. You think they want to work
then?
We pay them with no withholding, no income tax. Pay
their transportation, pay their child care, and
all that. Then they go to work at a job with minimum
wage. And they already get minimum wage, plus a tax
credit. So we've got a lot of strange values.
I think
the
role of the woman in our society has changed
completely, and for the good. And when we were even
thinking at the end of World War II, how would we
ever get the manpower to fight Russia? The only way
we would get it The only other source we had was
women. That's the only other source.
So I think they're going to be important in many,
many ways. If they only replace men in civilian
jobs so that men can go fight what they have to
fight. I hope we don't. I think we ought to be
prepared to do that. this universal military
training would give us a backlog
of reservoir to draw from in case we needed it, with
some training.
And I certainly hope we don't have to fight a war.
Thanks a lot
for the interview.